AB#989 /secrets endpoint (#57)
edgelesssys/marblerun.sh: content/docs/workflows/define-manifest.md

* Inject the corresponding public key PKIX-encoded and in PEM format: `{{ pem .Secrets.rsa_cert.Public }}`
* Inject a symmetric key in hex format: `{{ hex .Secrets.secret_aes_key }}`

## Manifest:Users

> The optional entry `Users` can be used to define one or multiple users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional entry `Users` defines user credentials and permissions for authentication and access control.
```

> Each user requires one PEM-encoded self-signed X.509 certificates for authentication and allows the allocation of various permissions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each user is authenticated via a public key. The key needs to be specified as a PEM-encoded self-signed X.509 certificate.
```

> Each user is authenticated via a public key. The key needs to be specified as a PEM-encoded self-signed X.509 certificate.
> Users can perform [update a manifest]({{< ref "docs/workflows/update-manifest.md">}}) and [read or write secrets]({{< ref "docs/workflows/managing-secrets.md" >}}).

Reviewer: Sorry, after considering our current client authentication mechanism, we should actually use the term certificate here.
```suggestion
Each user is authenticated via a client certificate. The certificate needs to be specified as a PEM-encoded self-signed X.509 certificate.
Users can perform [update a manifest]({{< ref "docs/workflows/update-manifest.md">}}) and [read or write secrets]({{< ref "docs/workflows/managing-secrets.md" >}}).
```

> Marblerun requires the definition of at least one user for updating a manifest or setting user-defined secrets. The process of updating a manifest is described in our [updating a manifest hands-on]({{< ref "docs/workflows/update-manifest.md">}}), for setting user-defined secrets take a look at the [managing secrets entry]({{< ref "docs/workflows/managing-secrets.md" >}}).

Reviewer: This sounds like you always have to specify at least one user. But this is only the case if updating the manifest should be possible later on, right?

Author: Correct. Users are completely optional if the update or secret functionality is not needed.
Maybe remove the line completely? 
If we want an explicit warning for needing at least one user with update permission if updates need to be deployed, i think a better place would be either `update-manifest.md` or a mention in a section that explains the permission/roles feature
